profiling: add edge case resolution in known issues (#3235)
elastic/observability-docs: docs/en/observability/profiling-get-started.asciidoc

[[profiling-upgrade-known-issues]]
==== Known issue when configuring data ingestion

If your {ecloud} deployment originated from version 7.x or earlier and is currently running on version 8.9.0–8.9.2, you may encounter a problem while trying to enable Universal Profiling.

Specifically, clicking the *Set up Universal Profiling* button triggers an error message that reads `Error while setting up Universal Profiling`.
Upgrade to version 8.10.0 or more recent to fix this issue.

> If you previously enabled Universal Profiling in {ecloud} version 8.9.0, and you're re-executing the setup, you may face
> the same error, but upgrading to the most recent version won't be enough to fix the issue.
> 
> To address the error, go to *Dev Tools* from the navigation menu and execute the following command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you previously enabled Universal Profiling in {ecloud} version 8.9.0, and you're re-executing the setup, you may also encounter
this error. In this scenario, you need to complete the following step in addition to upgrading to the most recent version.

Open *Dev Tools* from the navigation menu and execute the following command:

```
